Trace aggregator decouple (#90)
cactusdynamics/cactus-rt: docs/tracing.md

packet is emitted for each thread that is known to the `TraceAggregator`. Then,
the main loop of the `TraceAggregator` can run which will write track event
packets to the sinks.

When tracing is disabled via `App::StopTraceSession`, the tracing enabled atomic
bool will be set to false. The system will request the `TraceAggregator` thread
to drain all data from the existing `ThreadTracers` and stop. Once this is done,
the file is closed and the `TraceAggregator` states (interned data, sequence
states) are reset so they can be launched again.

#### Dynamic thread creation

Each `Thread` owns a `ThreadTracer`. However, when a thread starts, it must
notify the `TraceAggregator` (if tracing is enabled and it exists) of its
existence and thread id so a
[`ThreadDescriptor`](https://perfetto.dev/docs/reference/trace-packet-proto#ThreadDescriptor)
packet can be written to the data stream before any trace event data is written.
If tracing is not enabled right now, the `TraceAggregator` will cache the
`ThreadTracers` so that once tracing is enabled, the `ThreadDescriptor` packet
is written out.

The `Thread` is able to communicate with the `TraceAggregator` by storing a

> `weak_ptr` to the `TraceAggregator`. This pointer is setup during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`weak_ptr` to the `TraceAggregator`. This pointer is set up during
```

   (i.e. thus `(trusted_packet_sequence_id, iid)` is sufficient to identify an
   interned string). This, along with (1), implies we have to intern strings on
   a per-thread interner.

> 3. When a tracing session stop, the string interner states for all known thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When a tracing session stops, the string interner states for all known thread
```
